strike with cold lemon and radish 3
February in Khartsyzsk city
administration in the office manager
Larisa Rodionova was organized a
mini workshop for the production of medical
recipe based products
traditional medicine
the fact is that a sharp jump in temperature
from minus 15 to plus 1 caused
wave of acute respiratory diseases in
the militia on the front line and we arose
think
help them somehow with medication but so
as medicine is now very expensive and
a large number of our militia
difficult to cure and I made a decision
this means we have organized done
your medications
those are really treatable when
no other way out we mean cut
lemon and
poured into a bottle of sugar rubbed
radish with honey and sent 15 bottles
within two hours it's us fast
planned and sent to the front
nonetheless collecting coughs
funds continues private
entrepreneurs brought fruit
city ​​residents home canning
garlic medicinal herbs
medicines are all that will help the militia
to overcome a cold the inhabitants of our city
they also don't stand aside
bring us medicine garlic not
blockage what to transfer exactly to the guys
because all the same, our people
conscious they are fighting there but they must
know that we care for them understand and
now we are still collecting
the fact that they lack garlic there
some honey maybe more grass tea
demolished people and will send again
there is a soup to keep our guys Larisa
Rodionova while noting waiting on
advanced there is an acute shortage
antipyretic and anti-influenza
drugs employees city
administrations ask all who have
opportunity to help
the militia defeat the cold